<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes"?><rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom"><channel><title>Minutes on CAA/SSLA</title><link>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/</link><description>Recent content in Minutes on CAA/SSLA</description><generator>Hugo -- gohugo.io</generator><language>en</language><lastBuildDate>Fri, 14 May 2021 00:00:00 +0000</lastBuildDate><atom:link href="https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml"/><item><title>7th regular meeting</title><link>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2021-05-14/</link><pubDate>Fri, 14 May 2021 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2021-05-14/</guid><description>6 ppl attended
Organisational issues Twitter account @CAA-SSLA Is still very actively maintained The Twitter subcommittee will have another organisational meeting soon As usual everybody is invited to join (contact via Slack channel) Slack workspace sslarch There is not too much activity in the open channels, but many use the workspace for peer-to-peer communcation or discussions among smaller groups Upcoming conferences, meetings and sessions CAA2021 The current conference schedule has some drawbacks - we hope for an updated version that does not split our S17 over two days Workshop S31 Sophie Schmidt, Petr Pajdla and Clemens Schmid will soon meet to define the exact outline of the workshop Multiple other SIG members offered to join the workshop as helpers and participants Open exchange about activities and software updates Extension OpenArchaeo [SIG Project]</description></item><item><title>6th regular meeting</title><link>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2021-04-09/</link><pubDate>Fri, 09 Apr 2021 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2021-04-09/</guid><description>12 ppl attended
Agenda Organisational matters 1.1. Update on the Twitter activities 1.2. Website update Upcoming conferences, meetings and sessions 2.1. news on the two sessions at CAA international Open exchange about activities and software updates 3.1. Little minions @SSLA 3.2 new developments / tools etc 3.3 news on the working group Ordination and chronology ? Any other business? 1. Organisational matters 1.1 Twitter everything&amp;rsquo;s running smooth Aim to be locus of discussion is met Martin, Sophie and Zack prepare tweets everyone: please join in creating content: links, ideas, things to share, what ever you come up with!</description></item><item><title>5th regular meeting</title><link>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2021-03-05/</link><pubDate>Fri, 05 Mar 2021 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2021-03-05/</guid><description>7 ppl attended
Organisational issues Twitter account update According to the plans made during the last meeting, the twitter team followed a more strategic approach this month This increased both activity and interaction with followers The plan for the next months can be summarised as: More engagement and less promotion to act less as entertainers and more like moderators (for meaningful user-user interaction) This will also include cooperation with https://twitter.</description></item><item><title>4th regular meeting</title><link>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2021-02-02/</link><pubDate>Tue, 02 Feb 2021 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2021-02-02/</guid><description>8 ppl attended
Organisational issues Twitter account experiences After an initial peak of activity the number of tweets and retweets is now slowly dying down. But we have 217 followers! Everybody is very much invited to highlight observations that could be commented on or retweeted on the respective slack channel or the etherpad platform (https://etherpad.wikimedia.org/p/ssla-tweets) The twitter team considers prescheduling regular tweets e.g. based on open-archeo (https://github.com/zackbatist/open-archaeo) or the ctv-archaeology (https://github.</description></item><item><title>3rd regular meeting</title><link>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2021-01-05/</link><pubDate>Tue, 05 Jan 2021 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2021-01-05/</guid><description>9(+1?) ppl attended
Organisational issues Twitter account @SIG_SSLA &amp;lt;- follow me on https://twitter.com/CAA_SSLA The (first) twitter crew consists of the following members: Sophie Schmidt, Zack Batist, Martin Hinz The crew shares the password and is actively using the account according to our twitter guidelines (https://github.com/sslarch/sslarch.github.io/blob/master/twitter_guidelines.md) Input for the twitter channel can be shared on the respective Slack channel Experiences and opinions on Slack Everybody seems to be happy with the chat&amp;rsquo;s setup for now Logo Final poll among the most popular drafts 3: I 6: II 7: IIII &amp;lt;- !</description></item><item><title>2nd regular meeting</title><link>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-12-01/</link><pubDate>Tue, 01 Dec 2020 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-12-01/</guid><description>9 ppl attended
Organisational issues Twitter (some of these suggestions could become part of our Twitter guidelines) The account can be set up and should have the name CAA-SSLA Content collection can happen on our group chat The account should focus on archaeology and not so much on general developments in the scripting languages world Solid, hearty, high quality tweets should dominate Scheduling posts before posting and weekly/monthly collection posts may be powerful tools to increase impact We should post with one or multiple dedicated hashtags to allow for searching and filtering Regular tweets are better than random bursts of activity with weeks of silence in between Logo There are different preferences in the group We will organise a ranked poll to decide The winner of this survey will be announced at the next meeting Group chat software Each system has clear advantages and disadvantages For now we will set up a Slack channel Later we want to change to something more FOSS Upcoming conferences, meetings and sessions CAA2021 The SIG session &amp;ldquo;Tools for the Revolution: developing packages for scientific programming in archaeology&amp;rdquo; by Joe Roe, Martin Hinz and Clemens Schmid was submitted We did not discuss the planned, accompanying workshop Open exchange about activities and software updates Zack Batist: OpenArchaeo Update - https://open-archaeo.</description></item><item><title>1st regular meeting</title><link>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-11-03/</link><pubDate>Tue, 03 Nov 2020 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-11-03/</guid><description>11 ppl attended
Organisational issues Members list on sslarch.github.io fine like it is, good to see so many people there new members can add themselfes to the list with a Pull Request against the homepage repository Twitter a Twitter account would allow for better communication with non-members and official endorsements of strategic partners, e.g. other Special interest groups Sophie and Zack will prepare a draft for a guidelines/code of conduct document how to handle the twitter account and present the result at the next meeting Logo collection of drafts at https://github.</description></item><item><title>Inaugural meeting</title><link>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-10-06/</link><pubDate>Tue, 06 Oct 2020 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-10-06/</guid><description>14 ppl attended
Voting was done using directpoll.com
Report of recent developments (~ 5 min) Approval by the CAA 2020-08-26 Provisional Transition Steering Committee (SC) of SIG-SSLA 2020-09-01 - Protocol online (https://sslarch.github.io/protocols/2020-09-01.txt) Announcement in German Scientific Newsletter any other members that know similar newsletters? -&amp;gt; please tell us so we can announce the SIG there too Collect suggestions and ideas from members A running list of interesting projects and packages will be published on Github (Zack Batist) A monthly (virtual) meeting to report on (Clemens Schmid) current developments in SSLA in archaeology talk about new versions, new packages, new libraries, version updates field is not that large, so we could create an overview of that Growth and diversity of the group (Ben Marwick, Martin Hinz) growth of the group - introduce members to SSLA by creating semi-formal cooperations with other groups society of archaeological sciences has connections to society of black archaeologists.</description></item><item><title>Meeting of the Provisional Steering Committee</title><link>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-09-01/</link><pubDate>Tue, 01 Sep 2020 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-09-01/</guid><description>Participants: Sophie Schmidt Zack Batist Clemens Schmid Martin Hinz Activities currently necessary: Information mail via the mailing list Organise an inaugural meeting Establish regular meetings Outreach inaugural meeting The inaugural meeting should be the kick-off for regular meetings (see below).
agenda:
Report of recent developments Collect suggestions and ideas from members Set the modus operandi Present potential candidates for the SC Election of the Steering Committee Positions to be filled are:</description></item><item><title>CAA2019 Roundtable Discussion</title><link>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2019-04-24/</link><pubDate>Wed, 24 Apr 2019 00:00:00 +0000</pubDate><guid>https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2019-04-24/</guid><description>Introductory Statements
Martin Hinz: Stay DRY! Why scientific scripting speeds up research, fosters more interesting science and helps save taxpayers money.
Lizzy Scholtus: Scripting languages community: an important tool to develop the existence of these techniques
Joe Roe: The boundary between &amp;ldquo;scientific programming&amp;rdquo; and &amp;ldquo;software development&amp;rdquo;
Iza Romanowska: Who are Research Software Engineers and why should we care?
Clemens Schmid: (Don&amp;rsquo;t Fear) The Reaper. A SIG as long term software maintenance network?</description></item></channel></rss>