<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><title>Inaugural meeting :: CAA SSLA</title><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><meta name=description content="14 ppl attended
Voting was done using directpoll.com
Report of recent developments (~ 5 min)  Approval by the CAA 2020-08-26 Provisional Transition Steering Committee (SC) of SIG-SSLA 2020-09-01 - Protocol online (https://sslarch.github.io/protocols/2020-09-01.txt) Announcement in German Scientific Newsletter  any other members that know similar newsletters? -&amp;gt; please tell us so we can announce the SIG there too    Collect suggestions and ideas from members  A running list of interesting projects and packages will be published on Github (Zack Batist) A monthly (virtual) meeting to report on (Clemens Schmid)  current developments in SSLA in archaeology talk about new versions, new packages, new libraries, version updates field is not that large, so we could create an overview of that   Growth and diversity of the group (Ben Marwick, Martin Hinz)  growth of the group - introduce members to SSLA by creating semi-formal cooperations with other groups society of archaeological sciences has connections to society of black archaeologists."><meta name=keywords content><meta name=robots content="noodp"><link rel=canonical href=https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-10-06/><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/assets/style.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/assets/green.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/style.css><link rel=apple-touch-icon href=https://sslarch.github.io/img/apple-touch-icon-192x192.png><link rel="shortcut icon" href=https://sslarch.github.io/img/favicon/green.png><meta name=twitter:card content="summary"><meta name=twitter:site content="CAA_SSLA"><meta name=twitter:creator content><meta property="og:locale" content="en"><meta property="og:type" content="article"><meta property="og:title" content="Inaugural meeting"><meta property="og:description" content="14 ppl attended
Voting was done using directpoll.com
Report of recent developments (~ 5 min)  Approval by the CAA 2020-08-26 Provisional Transition Steering Committee (SC) of SIG-SSLA 2020-09-01 - Protocol online (https://sslarch.github.io/protocols/2020-09-01.txt) Announcement in German Scientific Newsletter  any other members that know similar newsletters? -&amp;gt; please tell us so we can announce the SIG there too    Collect suggestions and ideas from members  A running list of interesting projects and packages will be published on Github (Zack Batist) A monthly (virtual) meeting to report on (Clemens Schmid)  current developments in SSLA in archaeology talk about new versions, new packages, new libraries, version updates field is not that large, so we could create an overview of that   Growth and diversity of the group (Ben Marwick, Martin Hinz)  growth of the group - introduce members to SSLA by creating semi-formal cooperations with other groups society of archaeological sciences has connections to society of black archaeologists."><meta property="og:url" content="https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-10-06/"><meta property="og:site_name" content="CAA SSLA"><meta property="og:image" content="https://sslarch.github.io/img/favicon/green.png"><meta property="og:image:width" content="2048"><meta property="og:image:height" content="1024"><meta property="article:published_time" content="2020-10-06 00:00:00 +0000 UTC"><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/font-awesome@4.7.0/css/font-awesome.min.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/jpswalsh/academicons@1/css/academicons.min.css></head><body class=green><div class="container center headings--one-size"><header class=header><div class=header__inner><div class=header__logo><a href=/><div class=logo>CAA/SSLA</div></a></div><div class=menu-trigger>menu</div></div><nav class=menu><ul class="menu__inner menu__inner--desktop"><li><a href=/about>About</a></li><li><a href=/documents/>Documents</a></li><li><a href=/members/>Members</a></li><li><a href=/minutes/>Minutes</a></li><li><a href=/sessions/>Sessions</a></li></ul><ul class="menu__inner menu__inner--mobile"><li><a href=/about>About</a></li><li><a href=/documents/>Documents</a></li><li><a href=/members/>Members</a></li><li><a href=/minutes/>Minutes</a></li><li><a href=/sessions/>Sessions</a></li></ul></nav></header><div class=content><div class=post><h1 class=post-title><a href=https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-10-06/>Inaugural meeting</a></h1><div class=post-meta><span class=post-date>2020-10-06</span></div><div class=post-content><div><p>14 ppl attended</p><p>Voting was done using directpoll.com</p><h2 id=report-of-recent-developments--5-min>Report of recent developments (~ 5 min)<a href=#report-of-recent-developments--5-min class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><ul><li>Approval by the CAA 2020-08-26</li><li>Provisional Transition Steering Committee (SC) of SIG-SSLA
2020-09-01 - Protocol online (<a href=https://sslarch.github.io/protocols/2020-09-01.txt>https://sslarch.github.io/protocols/2020-09-01.txt</a>)</li><li>Announcement in German Scientific Newsletter<ul><li>any other members that know similar newsletters? -> please tell us so we can announce the SIG there too</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=collect-suggestions-and-ideas-from-members>Collect suggestions and ideas from members<a href=#collect-suggestions-and-ideas-from-members class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><ul><li>A running list of interesting projects and packages will be published on Github (Zack Batist)</li><li>A monthly (virtual) meeting to report on (Clemens Schmid)<ul><li>current developments in SSLA in archaeology</li><li>talk about new versions, new packages, new libraries, version updates</li><li>field is not that large, so we could create an overview of that</li></ul></li><li>Growth and diversity of the group (Ben Marwick, Martin Hinz)<ul><li>growth of the group - introduce members to SSLA by creating semi-formal cooperations with other groups</li><li>society of archaeological sciences has connections to society of black archaeologists. smth. similar in Europe?</li><li>we should include ppl from Asia, global South etc!</li></ul></li><li>Teaching and dissemination (Ben Marwick, Dirk Seidensticker, Martin Hinz, Jesse Wolfhagen)<ul><li>teaching is important and part of the statement already up on our website.</li><li>platform for teaching tools? Provide things for new members, not just keeping ourselves up to date</li><li>create groups that are focused on creating teaching material for specific SSLA</li><li>first step: collect teaching material. Hub for all tutorials that are already there</li></ul></li><li>Minimal Standards and Best Practises (Ben Marwick, Jesse Wolfhagen, Martin Hinz)<ul><li>statement of minimum standards?</li><li>we could be an authority what should be taught at least? 10 things everyone should know?</li><li>best practices? What makes scripts reproducible? what would you like to see as a reviewer?</li><li>style guides? dependant on language - collect these and present them</li></ul></li><li>Practical implementation, Priorisation and Schedule (Clemens Schmid, Sophie Schmidt, Martin Hinz)<ul><li>ambitious goals for later. let&rsquo;s start with &ldquo;smaller achivable goals&rdquo;</li><li>collect the ideas in the e-mail-list. maybe create a thread there</li><li>talk about ideas and prioritise at meetings</li><li>explore possibilities to use github tools for task management</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=set-the-modus-operandi-monthly-meetings>Set the modus operandi (Monthly Meetings)<a href=#set-the-modus-operandi-monthly-meetings class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><p>The plan: These regular meetings should be held monthly and should last about 1 hour. Current developments in the field of scripting languages should be briefly presented and discussed. Extensive presentations ala conference contribution should be avoided.</p><ul><li>poll for monthy meetings: 13 agreed, 1 abstain</li></ul><h3 id=topic-at-monthly-meetings>topic at monthly meetings:<a href=#topic-at-monthly-meetings class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h3><p>Agenda should be available as open collaborative Document (Dirk Seidensticker)</p><p>General Schedule:</p><ol><li>monthly structured update on the activities and update on software updates etc (Joe Roe)</li><li>upcoming conferences, meetings and sessions (Clemens Schmid)</li><li>small presentations of specific issues or solutions (SC committee)</li></ol><h3 id=date-and-time>Date and Time<a href=#date-and-time class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h3><ul><li>poll: first Tuesday every month, 5pm CET: 11 agreed, 1 against.</li><li>next meeting will be <strong>Nov. 3rd, 5 pm CET</strong></li><li>Due to inability of one member of the SC for this time, an alternative or alternating time slot might be found using a poll tool (&lsquo;doodle&rsquo;)</li></ul><h2 id=arising-topic-caa-presence>Arising Topic: CAA Presence<a href=#arising-topic-caa-presence class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><ul><li>we would like to be present at every CAA conferences with a session</li><li>CAA 2021 Cyprus Deadline 15th of November: until next meeting we think about potential SSLA Sessions and decide at next meeting</li></ul><h2 id=arising-topic-membership-and-member-list>Arising Topic: Membership and Member List<a href=#arising-topic-membership-and-member-list class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><p>Definition of the scope, limits and privileges of membership not yet defined, have to be discussed until/in the next meeting. Currently, members are those that have subscribed to the mailing list.</p><p>Currently, access to the Github Repo remains limited to the SC, this has to be redefined according to the members opinion.</p><p>A list of members will be available at the homepage, this list will be filled by the members themselves based on a template that the SC will provide. Technically, this will be done using fork/pull request workflow</p><h2 id=election-of-steering-committee>Election of Steering Committee<a href=#election-of-steering-committee class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><p>Sophie Schmidt -> Vice-Convenor: 11 agreed, 1 abstained
<img src=:/bd4d676bd21b4e7cbd73cecbd01adb48 alt=8ae472c8b0503d4b7416d382d6ad5f67.png>
Martin Hinz -> Convenor: 11 agreed, 1 abstained
<img src=:/008b256feb56423f945634236718b62a alt=22e34bfc9c5610df03afe1f752ace01b.png>
Clemens Schmid -> Secretary: 12 agreed
<img src=:/5259358bae6c47298cab0606d580ba05 alt=0fe8d00a944190b703d11dcfd9a1e37f.png></p><p>Documented via Screenshot from directpoll.com</p><h2 id=any-other-business>Any other business<a href=#any-other-business class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><ul><li>For the time being, it will be refrained from setting up a statute until the necessity arises in daily business: Agreed upon without voting</li></ul><h2 id=next-meeting>Next Meeting<a href=#next-meeting class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><p><strong>Nov. 3rd, 5 pm CET</strong>
Platform yet tbd. Jitsi worked, maybe there is a better alternative?
TOP:</p><ol><li>monthly structured update on the activities and update on software updates</li><li>upcoming conferences, meetings and sessions</li><li>CAA 2021 Cyprus participation</li><li>Membership details</li><li>Practical implementation dissemination of teaching material</li></ol><p>Will be available as open collaborative document asap.</p></div></div></div></div><footer class=footer><div class=footer__inner><div class=copyright><span>Â© 2021 Powered by <a href=http://gohugo.io>Hugo</a></span>
<span>:: Theme made by <a href=https://twitter.com/panr>panr</a></span></div></div></footer><script src=https://sslarch.github.io/assets/main.js></script><script src=https://sslarch.github.io/assets/prism.js></script></div></body></html>